# soydev stuff
https://news.ycombinator.com/rss
https://www.python.org/dev/peps/peps.rss/
https://www.python.org/jobs/feed/rss/
https://feeds.feedburner.com/PythonSoftwareFoundationNews
https://feeds.feedburner.com/PythonInsider

# people
https://lukesmith.xyz/rss.xml
https://notrelated.xyz/rss
https://lukesmith.xyz/peertube
https://lukesmith.xyz/youtube
https://www.recantoheroico.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss
https://zathura.xyz/index.xml

# youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCOGG3wN0LjqxzdfQ-IaJdGg # Jamie Hanshaw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCnt7Iy8GlmdPwy_Tzyx93bA # jay dyer
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCYO_jab_esuFRV4b17AJtAw # 3blue1brown
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtCTSf3UwRU14nYWr_xm-dQ # jonathan pageau
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCnt7Iy8GlmdPwy_Tzyx93bA # tristan haggard
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCH8JwgaHCkhdfERVkGbLl2g # church of the eternal logos
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCRXnOs1rjfLMYrtZ-0n29NA # freedomtoons
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=ucyl5v3-j_bsy3x-ebcjwepg # the babylon bee
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6KlBoZBta-zkDB2L_nAtqQ # guilherme freire
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCKDjjeeBmdaiicey2nImISw # brasil paralelo
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCjJCd_XUHc2DJxzpNT_eTWQ # icls
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCKDjjeeBmdaiicey2nImISw # senso incomum
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC_IXSJtM-BKyy-suKuLwEqw # shamounian
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCL_f53ZEJxp8TtlOkHwMV9Q # jordan b. peterson
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCDAjiHmQnkHrIBNai5PiSyg # instituto borborema
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6sdaVrDgFTdluBnNhLE9mg # patristic faith
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCOA_vxLRZ3-PWpFBdHR-AyA # ancient faith ministries
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UClh4JeqYB1QN6f1h_bzmEng # pints with aquinas
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCz72pwrQRTXibU14NmHep8w # patristic nectar
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UChozbOPP6uOJ2UkiTZy-sgQ # the orthodox ethos
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCr7lmzIk63PZnBw3bezl-Mg # the math sorcerer
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMk_WSPy3EE16aK5HLzCJzw # nativlang
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCNhX3WQEkraW3VHPyup8jkQ # langfocus
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCCdAuHh5MlTXQPxts1W9ICw # orthodox shahada
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCyl5V3-J_Bsy3x-EBCJwepg # orthodox christian theology
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCct9aR7HC79Cv2g-9oDOTLw # religion for breakfast
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9dRb4fbJQIbQ3KHJZF_z0g # let's talk religion



# news
http://rss.cnn.com/rss/edition_world.rss
https://www.jw.org/en/news/jw/rss/NewsSubsectionRSSFeed/feed.xml
